At this point, you've calculated integrals of velocity data,
acceleration data and angular velocity data.
And hopefully, you're building
a good intuitive sense for what it means to take an integral.
Now, I have a confession to make.
Some of the real data I've been showing you has actually not been real.
In fact, occasionally, I may have generated
fake data so the plots you made were clean and well behaved,
and the integrals all made sense.
But in reality, sensors are never perfect.
They're noisy, and they're often biased.
And it turns out that when you integrate imperfect data,
your errors tend to amplify.
I don't want you to leave this nanodegree thinking that all you
need to localize a robot is an accelerometer and a rate gyro.
Because while these tools do help,
they have their flaws as well.
In the following segments, you're going to integrate
real data and explore some of the problems that arise when you.